first words for toddlers to fruits is an
engaging app that teaches one to two
year olds about fruits hi I'm Abby come
with Brian the bee and Brianna the
butterfly to the fruit fair as they are
introduced to 15 different fruits
toddlers can learn about fruits play
with them create scenes or watch a show
kappa fruit fruit school takes players
on a journey through real-life
photographs while teaching fruit names
their phonetic sounds and some fun fruit
facts mangoes are yellow green or red
have a group of fruits
a set of five interactive games teaches
memory visual motor skills spatial
awareness and attention skills
earn stickers for completing the games
play with your stickers on the sticker
page
set to music by Rossini's William Tell
Overture the fruits show will be pure
entertainment for your little one
this is the second app in the first
words for toddlers series and it
integrates the ten pillars of learning
frameworks give your toddler a tree and
download first words for toddlers to
fruits available now in these app stores
you can also download this app and
others or learn more about the ten
pillars of learning framework at brain
straps calm